this adorable little wanna heart waffle
part donut keep watching to see our take
on the latest breakfast dessert hybrid
this recipe starts by making a
traditional Belgian waffle batter now
the difference between a Belgian waffle
and a traditional waffle is a Belgian
waffle is lighter and crispier
so I've already sifted my flour into a
large bowl I'm just gonna add my baking
powder and my salt and just give it a
little stir
awesome now into another bowl I'm gonna
start creaming together my egg yolks and
sugar until it's nice and light and pale
yellow next add your vanilla and melted
butter and keep whisking then I'm gonna
slowly add the milk and keep mixing now
I'm just gonna add our egg and sugar
mixture to our flour and stir it
together just until it's combined and
then just finish stirring it by using a
whisk just to make sure you get all
those lumps out great now into a stand
mixer I'm gonna add my egg whites and
beat these until soft peaks form then
I'm gonna fold in our egg whites to the
batter this is what's gonna make those
waffles light and
all right and our eggs have come to nice
soft peaks so now I'm just gonna fold
this in carefully into our batter man do
I love Belgian waffles my dad used to
make them for me all the time almost
every Saturday we get Belgian waffles
and he'd put a little bit of orange zest
in there and as soon as our egg whites
are nice and incorporated
time to make our waffles so just gonna
spray our waffle maker with a little bit
of nonstick cooking spray top and bottom
and we're using a regular waffle maker
if you want you can invest in a mini
waffle maker they're so cute they make
them 2 to 3 inches big they're perfect
for making whoa nuts or I have a little
trick I'm going to show you later to
make them that size so I'm just gonna
put enough batter in here to fill our
grids so we're gonna cook our waffles
according to the instructions on the
machine usually one to two minutes or
until they're golden
so we have our waffles over here and as
you can see they're golden they're not
quite golden brown because we're gonna
fry them in our oil my oils been heating
at 350 degrees and I mentioned to you
that if you don't have a mini waffle
maker you can make these waffles into
the perfect one its size by using a
biscuit cutter so this is about a 2 inch
round biscuit cutter and I'm just gonna
take that and press it into each little
triangle so that I get this adorable
little poet so just go around press them
out and then the extra obviously you're
gonna eat I need to keep a little bowl
whipped cream on the side a maple syrup
as I'm cooking snack on now we're ready
to fry our waffles I'm gonna fry them in
batches of two to four at a time for a
couple minutes on each side or until
they're golden brown well those are
frying I'm going to show you how to make
a simple sugar glaze
it's just powdered sugar milk and
vanilla we're just gonna whisk it up
until it's nice and smooth all right
these are nice and golden brown I'm just
gonna take them out and put them onto a
paper towel lined plate and then while
your walnuts are still warm you're just
gonna dip them into the glaze just on
top and then put them onto a wire rack
and what's fun about making walnuts is
you could have fun with the batter so
you can make red velvet whoa nuts but
you could also have fun with the
toppings and do crushed nuts chocolate
glaze whatever your little heart desires
alright I can't stand anymore I got to
put the sprinkles on these
they're colorful and delicious you can
still see that little waffle shape take
a look at these waffle donuts they are
so fantastic you can sit the little
waffles the sprinkles the glaze I can't
wait to try one man just when you
thought a waffle couldn't get any better
it does think about making these next
time you host a brunch or even as
dessert for your next dinner party
thanks so much for watching I'm brandy
if you enjoyed this video be sure to
give it a thumbs up and subscribe to pop
sugar food and I would love to know what
dessert mashup idea you have in the
comment box below you just might make it
I'll see you next time bye